many people are aware there have been
some core system changes from Dark Souls
1 to Dark Souls 2 the most notable of
these right now being role or backstep
canceled perry's we have found a new
piece of tech that depends on these
changes in particular changes to how
running works in the tradition of other
moves such as the flam burger the
burrito and the ravioli step we dub this
maneuver the dinner roll that may have
looked a little weird to you and that's
because it was the dinner roll is a
method by which a player can do a
running attack directly out of a roll
let's go into some specifics about how
exactly this is done and some theory on
why it can happen we are going to make a
separate video for some very specific
tests and we did define this using the
macro and also talk about potential
future applications of that macro and
this technique as testing metrics first
check your equipment ideally you should
be under 40 percent that will make this
easiest and the running attack come on
smoothly and instantly while a dinner
roll can be done between 40 to 50
percent it is more difficult to pull off
dinner rolls can also be done above 50
percent but the attack timings are
different and the manoeuvre is weaker
further info later on for now just know
that burden matters second the inputs
while under 40 percent these inputs are
fairly forgiving tap role and
immediately upon releasing it tap and
hold roll again this should be held
throughout the rolling animation until
the running attack starts the attack
input can be done with either hand at
any time that you would normally do a
rolling tek however if the attack input
is done just after the roll animation
finishes but before your character
begins moving in any direction a rolling
attack will come out above 50% the
attack input must be done after a brief
pause as soon as you start to see your
character begin moving after a roll or a
fat rolling after about one and a half
steps the reason for all these quirks
will be outlined in next section but if
just doing a dinner roll is all you care
about that's it very simple if you'd
like to hear some more specifics on the
theory behind this continue on if not
thank you for watching we hope you
learned something now for those of you
interested in why this can happen here
is a current understanding of mechanics
at play take this of course with a grain
of salt there's just two guys
theorycrafting first we need to explain
exactly how running works some of this
is vac tested from discovering smooth
rolls and back steps do not come out
when roll is depressed
instead women is released to ensure that
running is possible
Ronnie is initiated by covering a set
amount of ground with the roll button
depressed note a set
ground not a set amount of time the
player by inputting and releasing space
to start a roll and then while rolling
holding space convinces the game that
the players holding space to run during
the role must considers them at the same
time running and rolling normally with
no other inputs this will let the
players start running immediately out of
a roll because the players considered as
running during the roll
however hitting the light attack button
tells the game to initiate an impact at
the next opportunity
on the frame that the roll is
interruptible the one on which the
rolling attack we usually start the
player is actually considered as running
unless the game combines the running
state with the attack state inputs and
outputs a running attack back to that
point about a set amount of ground which
is a set amount of time this is the
reason why this maneuver cannot be done
effectively or easily over 50% equipment
the shortened roll length means that
even with frame perfect' inputs the
player cannot have roll depressed for a
great enough distance of the roll to be
considered as running by the rolls
completion this is also why dinner rolls
are easier to perform with lower burden
bracket with lower burden the time
between the two roll inputs can be
larger and still have roll be held for
sufficient length of the roll for the
game consider the player as entering run
state on completion so again thank you
for watching and hope you learned
something